readme: reintroduce the Store install link (#4592)
microsoft/terminal: README.md

> 👉 Note: Windows Terminal requires Windows 10 1903 (build 18362) or later

### Microsoft Store [Recommneded]

> Install the [Windows Terminal from the Microsoft Store][store-install-link]. This allows you to always be on the latest version when we release new builds with automatic upgrades. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Install the [Windows Terminal from the Microsoft Store][aka.ms/windowsterminal]. This allows you to always be on the latest version when we release new builds with automatic upgrades. 
```

> This is our perferred method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is our preferred method.
```
